well howdy there internet people let's
bow down a couple days ago have my
family in a cave it's not an allegory we
were really in cave us in a
spanish-speaking family there's a cave
network nearby and the state gives
guided tours when we were down there
kids from both families both big
families they're charging ahead trying
to get in front of the guide even there
we are pulling them back pulling them
back a lot of people today are asking
why there's much teens now in politics
giving their opinions and they just need
to shut up we don't need to hear from
them they don't know anything there it
is no guidance offered they wonder where
the youth of today learns to not put a
value on education from their parents
they're teaching them that they're
teaching them to place no value on
education no value on learning just shut
up get in line become a good cog in the
wheel let your betters make your
decisions for you I obviously do not
agree with all of the conclusions that
most of the parkland teens came to I
don't I've never told to shut up
they're out there trying to come up with
something I don't agree with what
they're coming up with but they're
trying and I'll tell you I prefer them a
whole lot more than those guys that are
standing there and their social media
photos with their plate carriers and
their rifles
making jokes about them we're supposed
to take their opinion and they don't
know the difference between an ar-15 and
at l1a1 ha ha ha dumb kids yeah that may
be true they may not know that but
they've been shot at a whole lot more
the most of you that understanding
they're talking about your grouping at
the range why are they speaking up
because they know the adults aren't
going to they know their parents aren't
going to not most of them not most of
them they know that the adults of this
world are more concerned about
protecting their party than they are
about protecting their kids
think back to that cave those kids ran
forward and we pull them back
why instinctual even though that place
is safe it is it's dark maybe there's an
uneven terrain ahead maybe a rocks
fallen maybe something's loose need to
protect them because that's your primary
mission in life as a parent but the
adults of this country and of this world
we're not leading they're not up front
to face the danger so the kids are
stepping up the teens are stepping up
the youth is stepping up so they're
leading why are there so many kids and
politics today espousing their opinions
because there are a whole lot of bad
parents and it's not necessarily the
parents of those speaking up
I don't want to put too fine a point on
that so let me pause for a second if you
have kids and you haven't sat down and
taken the hour or two that it takes to
get a pretty good grasp on climate
change you're a bad parent you're a bad
parent this is something that's gonna
affect your children if you haven't gone
through and looked at it without just
looking for things to support your side
so you can win some stupid internet
debate you're a bad parent you care more
about donkeys and elephants than your
own kids that's pretty messed up that is
pretty messed up you aren't working to
protect your kids you're leaving it to
them to figure out yeah so of course
they're gonna make mistakes along the
way but they're working they're moving
forward and they're ignoring you you
know that's the best part about the
Republicans attacking or the way they
did because all those Fox News viewers
they're gonna talk about it tonight and
their kids are gonna hear about it but
see their kids they're not indoctrinated
yet not all of them some of them they're
gonna hop on line they're gonna listen
to that speech and then they kind of
want to know what she's talking about
and they're gonna look it up that's the
funny part about this by the end of the
week Gretta she's gonna be in your kid's
head and your kid will betray your
ideology and her name
because they're smarter because they're
more willing to learn because they
haven't given up hope because they
haven't sold out to some political party
that's why there are kids in politics
because they see that the adults aren't
doing anything by and large there are
exceptions yeah you can talk about their
handlers and you can make up whatever
conspiracy theory you want to it doesn't
matter doesn't matter because she's
already in your kid's head did you put
her there you want a world without teens
and political discussion you can have it
but you have to start reading you have
to start well you have to start putting
your kids above your political party
something that shouldn't have to be said
it's funny you trust politicians to make
decisions for your kids you don't trust
them for anything else you're going to
literally trust your children's lives to
them and to their political campaign
contributors because that's who's making
the decisions yeah
I'm sure that's gonna work out well if
you want teens out of the political
discussion you got to step up you got to
start fulfilling your duties as parents
anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night